Hi, I’m Chetan PM. I work in real-time control systems for precision machineries.
But at my core, I just love building things. I’ve always been drawn to open-access projects—whether it’s software, hardware, or robotics.
Mainly because there were a lot people who helped me learn by doing things and improve on what’s already out there bit by bit.
That mindset has shaped how I approach problem-solving: keeping things transparent, figuring things out hands-on, and refining through iterations.
Most of my projects starts with the mechanical design.
But since complex systems needed more than that. Over the years, I’ve learnt to develop electronics hardware and program softwares for the control systems
by collaborating with scientists and engineers around me to turn research ideas into working prototypes.
For instance I’ve helped develop an aerostatic spindle for ultra-precision diamond turning machining, a four-axis tabletop milling machine using LinuxCNC, Mesa FPGA, and Trinamic ICs for motion control components.
I just enjoy taking an idea from concept to reality.
I like working independently, but I also thrive in environments where people bounce ideas off each other
challenge my initial assumptions, and build something better together.
That’s why I’m excited about research—it’s not just about solving the problems but also about learning new ways to approach them.
I’d love to bring my experience and curiosity into a team that values both.
And also… yeah, I want to build an Ironman suit eventually. Thanks for your time